# Welcome to Meji 🤖
**A multi-purpose discord bot that manages the Mesiverse NFT discord server on Algorand. 
It functions as an administrator and all boilerplate in the discord is generated by Meji. 
Additionally, Meji is able to create instant shuffles with automated distribution by acting
as a custom built payment portal. Meji keeps track of user data such as their wallet addresses
and can automatically update information in its internal database with just the press of a button
for users. It is the first of its kind all-purpose cryptocurrency and NFT management bot on Algorand.**

*This bot is specifically built for Mesiverse related functions and should not be cloned and expected to work outside of the box.*

# Dependencies
* Nextcord
* TinyDB
* Requests

# Structure
**Meji is divided into a very basic folder structure.**
* Cogs
  - Houses all the bot operations and logic. Interactions with the bot are programmed and recorded here.
    Some of these files are quite simple, such as the boilerplate ones. Others are much more complex like the
    "shuffle" and "registrar" cogs.
* Utils
  - The utils folder contains helper files and static information such as text used all throughout Meji's
    interactions. The "user" and "shufflehelper" files in particular contain many of the global operations
    used to manage the local database system that Meji employs. Boilerplate generation such as embeds can be
    found here as well and almost all text that is displayed by Meji is in the content folder.
* Static
  - The only files that static contains is formatted information about the NFT collections that Meji has been
    tasked with tracking (Mesiverse related NFT projects such as MesiSols).
* Databases
  - Contains lots of json stored data that allows Meji to properly track users inside the server so that it can
    perform operations such as the instant shuffle.

